The night is over.
I thought it was going to be dark soon, but it's already five.
But our game is the night.
We have a good bird.
It's a bird of the sea.
Come on.
Hey, hey.
You're so fast.
If you're so fast, get in the cage.
What are you talking about?
Can I get in the cage?
You can put it on if you don't want to.
Or you can go out and take it.
I'll forgive you.
This is the first bird in hell.
It's the second bird.
If you don't say anything, I'll put it in the cage.
I'll put it in the cage.
We're all birds.
That's right.
Go away.
I can't go to Edo.
I can't go back to my country.
I can't help it.
If you want to go to Kumosuke, please go to your friends.
I'll go with you.
I don't want to go with you.
But is there a crane?
What is it?
It's a token of friendship.
Where did you drop the money?
There's something good.
There's a letter in this box.
This is the money.
Is this the money?
Let's read it.
I'll read it for you.
What?
I'll ask you to bring a book.
The person who is the head of the village and the head of the village...
is called Shiraigonpachi.
He is the head of the village in Edo.
If you bring it, it will be a reward.
Is it a token?
The token is 17 or 18 years old.
He is a man who is called Kabuki actor.
The word is a proof.
Let's do our best.